## Project: Investigate Movie Industry Data

### Content
- Introduction
- Data Cleaning
- Exploratory Data Analysis
- Conclusions

### Introduction

In this project, I will be investigating TMDb Movies Dataset containing information about 10k+ movies. This dataset was sourced from Kaggle. There are 10,866 rows and 21 columns in the dataset from 1960-2015. Each movie has the following attributes:

> movie_id - A unique identifier for each movie.
>
> imdb_id - A unique identifier for each movie on IMDB.
>
> cast - The name of lead and supporting actors.
>
> director - the director of the movie.
>
> budget - The budget in which the movie was made..
>
> genre - The genre of the movie, Action, Comedy ,Thriller etc.
>
> homepage - A link to the homepage of the movie..
>
> id - This is infact the movie_id as in the first dataset.
>
> keywords - The keywords or tags related to the movie.
>
> title - The title of the movie before translation or adaptation.
>
> overview - A brief description of the movie.
>
> popularity - A numeric quantity specifying the movie popularity..
>
> production_companies - The production house of the movie.
>
> production_countries - The country in which it was produced.
>
> release_date - The date on which it was released.
>
> revenue - The worldwide revenue generated by the movie.
>
> runtime - The running time of the movie in minutes.
>
> tagline - Movie's tagline.
>
> vote_average - average ratings the movie received.
>
> budget_adj - shows the budget associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars.
>
> revenue_adj - shows the revenue associated movie in terms of 2010 dollars.

#### Acknowledgements
This dataset was sourced from Kaggle.


#### Questions
This analysis seeks to answer the following questions:
- In which year were the most movies released? How has the quantity of movies produced evolved over time?
- What are the most and least popular movies?
- In which month were the most movies released across all years?
- What are the 10 most and least profitable movies?
- How are popularity, revenue, budget, and profit correlated with each other?
